---
layout:     post
title:      Welcome to Premise Health
date:       2016-10-13
summary:    Introducing the engineering blog
categories: announcements
---

## Welcome to our blog!

Establishing a blog has long been kicked around the Premise Health offices. But we've been so busy creating awesome services
for our clients that it has been hard to find the time to spend on it. Now that we have worked hard to meet strict 
deadlines, we finally have some time to pontificate on the finer (and perhaps not so fine) aspects of our technologies and processes.

This blog should give some insight into some of the challenges, successes, and failures we encounter at Premise Health. In addition, 
we will post about tools, frameworks, patterns, and libraries that we find helpful.

## The Stack

Our technology stack is made up mostly of NodeJS microservices. These services currently use REST API calls, but we are in the process of
migrating to an event-driven architecture. We have some older applications written using C# and .NET, but plan on moving these to Node.

We run all of these in AWS so there should be a fair amount of devops articles posted here as well.

## Why create a blog?

At Premise Health we use a lot of open source tools. I mean. A lot. We also contribute to some.

This blog allows our developers to contribute knowledge back to the community. A lot of them do anyways. You may have seen them in a slack room
or responding on Stack Overflow. In fact, you can [view the members of our github organization](https://github.com/orgs/PremiseHealth/people) 
to see what some of them are working on in their spare time.

{% include signature_webdevwilson.html %}
